Project Title

## Software Developer Graduate Project 

### The Requirements:

#### It should be deployed using a simple static site hosting service, such as Vercel, Netlify etc.

### How to start the server in Powershell - Generate LocalHost:3000

1. Open Powershell
1. create a non-package manager named my-app2
1. Create a directory in the hard-disk to store the dependencies/files cd my-app2
1. run the server using npm run dev
1. The server will load successfully on a default web path called Localhost:3000 where the webpage will be displayed.


--- Powershell

npx-create-my-app2

cd my-app2

npm run dev 


---


A brief description of what this project does and who it's for

1. To generate a simple website portfolio that is server-based using Next-JS framework.
1. The project is for the company SovTech as part of a graduation Assessment.
1. Once the website was completed, It is then pushed in a Github repository using the following commands
#### git init - initialize the repo
#### git commit -m "Main repo"
#### git add . - send untracked files to source repo
#### git remote -v
#### git push master origin

1. Once pushed, it is in the Github repo for a code review and pull request.
1. next step is to open your vercel account for deployment.


### Main Hosting Site : Vercel 
1. Create a vercel profile using Github account
1. click on the import button and import the repo from Github.
1. Under Configure Project create a new name of your choice and click deploy.
1. Once deployed, Anyone can view your project. 

The project has the following components and tags 

### The following components were generated by my-app2

1. hello.JS
1. Layout.JS
1. _app.JS
1. about-us.JS
1. index.JS

The following components were edited and modified to make the website more response:

1. index.JS (Home Page)
1. about-us.JS (About Page)
1. globals.css (CSS Style File)
1. Home.module(CSS Style File)

Use the <head> tag in the index.JS to bootstrap the application 

expose a built-in component for appending elements to the <head> of the page.

### Contribution 

#### Refactoring of code so the server does not show any errors and no 404 errors were detected.
#### all server-side components match with the corresponding UI.
#### There is a link in the home page connecting to the about page of SovTech.
#### Use CSS style component to make the webpages more interactive and presentable.

